Add git information to all tracers and to troubleshooting guide (#11478)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/troubleshooting.md

If you can see test results data in the **Test Runs** tab, but not the **Tests** tab, Git metadata (repository, commit and/or branch) is probably missing. To confirm this is the case, open a test execution in the [Test Runs][3] section, and check that there is no `git.repository_url`, `git.commit.sha`, or `git.branch`. If these tags are not populated, nothing shows in the [Tests][4] section.

1. Tracers first try to use the environment variables set by the CI provider to collect Git information. See the [Running tests inside a container][6] page for a list of environment variables that the tracer attempts to read for each supported CI provider. At a minimum, this populates the repository, commit hash, and branch information.

> 2. Tracers also try to fetch Git metadata using the local `.git` folder by executing `git` commands. This populates all Git metadata fields, including commit message, author and committer information. Ensure the `.git` folder is present and the `git` binary is installed and in `$PATH`. This information will only be fetched if no git information was readed from previous method or if the comit sha coincides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Tracers also try to fetch Git metadata using the local `.git` folder by executing `git` commands. This populates all Git metadata fields, including commit message, author and committer information. Ensure the `.git` folder is present and the `git` binary is installed and in `$PATH`. This information will be used to populate attributes not detected in the previous step.
```

> 3. Git information can also be provided manually using environment variables, which will override any information detected by any of the previous steps. The supported environment variables for providing Git information are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Git information can also be provided manually using environment variables, which override any information detected by any of the previous steps. The supported environment variables for providing Git information are the following:
```

> `DD_GIT_REPOSITORY_URL`

Reviewer: We can also include the examples in this page

Author: Sure, dont know how I missed them

> 3. The user can also provide Git information by using custom environment variables. Custom environment variables are also useful for overwriting existing Git information. If these environment variables are set, they take precedence over those coming from the CI or from the .git folder. The list of supported environment variables for Git information includes the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Git information can also be provided manually using environment variables, which will override any information detected by any of the previous steps. The supported environment variables for providing Git information are the following:
```
